Healpix doc (#2498)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.notices.healpix.mdx

For localization of events, the multi-messenger community uses the standard [HEALPix](https://healpix.sourceforge.io) format with the file extension `.fits.gz`, as well as multi-resolution HEALPix format with the file extension `.multiorder.fits`. The preferred format is the multi-resolution HEALPix format, that is only format explicitly listed in the GCN.

## Multi-Order Sky Maps

GCN strongly encourages the use of multi-order sky maps. These are a more complex form of healpix sky maps that utilize a variable resolution, with higher probability regions having higher resolution and lower probability regions being encoded with a lower resolution. This is signicantly more efficient than single-resolution healpix sky maps with respect to storage footprint and read speed. However, interpreting these multi-order sky maps can be more complex.

## Working with HEALPix Maps

HEALPix data is distrubuted in standard format with the file extension `.fits.gz`. These files are FITS image files and can be utilized with many common FITS tools. These files usually stored as HEALPix projection,

### Reading Sky Maps

> Sky maps can be parsed using python; to start, import a handful of packages (note: while this documentation covers the use of `astropy-healpix`, there are several packages that are ab)

Author: It seems incomplete sentence.

```python
import astropy_healpix as ah
import numpy as np

from astropy import units as u
from astropy.table import QTable
```

A given sky map can then be read in as

```python
skymap = QTable.read('skymap.multiofits)
```

### Most Probable Sky Location

The index of the highest probability point can be found by doing the following

```python
hp_index = np.argmax(skymap['PROBDENSITY'])
uniq = skymap[hq_index]['UNIQ']

> level, ipix = ah.uniq_to_level_ipix(uniq)

Author: We should introduce a UNIQ scheme a bit.

For localization of events, the multi-messenger community uses the standard [HEALPix](https://healpix.sourceforge.io) format with the file extension `.fits.gz`, as well as multi-resolution HEALPix format with the file extension `.multiorder.fits`. The preferred format is the multi-resolution HEALPix format, that is only format explicitly listed in the GCN.

## Multi-Order Sky Maps

GCN strongly encourages the use of multi-order sky maps. These are a more complex form of healpix sky maps that utilize a variable resolution, with higher probability regions having higher resolution and lower probability regions being encoded with a lower resolution. This is signicantly more efficient than single-resolution healpix sky maps with respect to storage footprint and read speed. However, interpreting these multi-order sky maps can be more complex.

## Working with HEALPix Maps

HEALPix data is distrubuted in standard format with the file extension `.fits.gz`. These files are FITS image files and can be utilized with many common FITS tools. These files usually stored as HEALPix projection,

### Reading Sky Maps

> Sky maps can be parsed using python; to start, import a handful of packages (note: while this documentation covers the use of `astropy-healpix`, there are several packages that are ab)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sky maps can be parsed using python; to start, import a handful of packages (note: while this documentation covers the use of `astropy-healpix`, there are several packages that can be used for this purpose; a number of alternatives are listed at the bottom of this page)
```

## Working with HEALPix Maps

> HEALPix data is distrubuted in standard format with the file extension ```.fits.gz```. These files are FITS image files and can be utilized with many common FITS tools. These files usually stored as HEALPix projection,

Reviewer 2: Inline code is delimited by single backticks.

```suggestion
HEALPix data is distrubuted in standard format with the file extension `.fits.gz`. These files are FITS image files and can be utilized with many common FITS tools. These files usually stored as HEALPix projection,
```
